Sent by Rogond to check for the 'Seed' (Powerful magical stuff)

I art from Styria  Nicante (fell 5 years ago)

Yulwei

Aurelio Larocca

-----

Aurelio Larocca (Yannik)

29, born and raised in Nicante

Studied Arcana at the People’s University of Nicante, 

Raised in the Citizen class, studied magic for years under Professor Yulwei, had just finished his studies and graduated when Talinese forces arrived at Nicante to lay siege.
Sociable before the war, had a decent circle of friends, 
Had a SO/girlfriend who didnt manage to flee Nicante, fate unknown, Francesca Adduci

Fought in the first Siege of Nicante (defender) at the age of ~22

Fought in the Battle of Sweetpines (attacker), fought alongside Nicomo Cosca’s mercenaries, the Thousand Swords

Fought in the Siege of Afoyer, fought alongside Nicomo Cosca’s mercenaries, the Thousand Swords

He and his family escaped when the city fell and made it Ospria, where they live to this day

Once in Ospria, signed up with Rogont’s army and rose the ranks, eventually gaining the Grand Duke’s attention

The Grand Duke, on the advice of his councillor Shilo Vittari, Mistress of Whispers, sent out expeditions to the new world based on rumors that the famed “War of the Magi” in fact occurred in the land now known as the “New World”, not in the Union, though common lore puts the location there. 

Sent by Grand Duke Rogont of Ospria to travel to the Black Mountains and search for an ancient magical weapon described in texts recovered from a previous expedition. You only know that this weapon is called The Seed, and that it is “the other side made flesh, the very stuff of magic condensed in physical form”. You don’t know what it looks like, you don’t know where exactly to find it, but you do know that if you manage to recover it you will be a very rich and powerful man for the rest of your life.

Visserine is an independent city, ruled by Grand Duke Salier. It is a founder of the League.
Ospria is an independent city, ruled by Grand Duke Rogont. It is a founder of the League.
Borletta is an independent city, ruled by Duke Cantain. It is a founder of the League.
Puranti is an independent city, ruled by Duke Lirozio.
Affoia is an independent city, ruled by Countess Cotarda.
Nicante is an independent city, ruled by First Citizen Patine.
Caprile is a city in the west of Styria which has now been subjugated by Talins.
Musselia is a city in the north-west of Styria which has now been subjugated by Talins.

---2020-06-11-----

Party:
Liv: Meli Ifax
Michael: John Tuttle
Bobby: Samuel 
Galb: Pavsikakiy Ivanovich

Found the party in the middle of the desert.

Was able to convince them to come with me to the site of the attack.

Found my Journal, mostly intact.

Lost 'The fall of the master maker' books.

Met Carl Shivers.

Fought off an native ambush after we tried to navigate around a native outpost

end of session

---2021-06-26-----

Shivers departs southward.

We move west-ward.

Melis Backpack starts glowing. She produces a contraption the does look awfully like it's from another era. 
We figure out that the contraption is pointing towards a location.

Found an structer from before our time. Sweet claims he's been here before, however the structure was not.

Socket of a stature. Word meaning "entrance".

Found a, presumably, Kitraic ruin. The site of a battle (massacre) underground. Seemingly a city or maybe holy site.

Staff found. Staff seems to be magical in nature. Inchior a Magi of the first age. After picking up the staff and activating it a mysterious figure appeared (the Wanderer). 
He's not human. He was there the whole time but only after the staff was activated could we see him. He seems rather friendly.

Inchior (kitraic) apparently one of Euz chosen

Weired Ape creatures attack us in the ruins. We defeat ape creatures and bid our farewells to the wanderer and return top site.

The group has a little heart-to-heart about certain things. Aurelios true motivations and Melis 'totally not magic(TM)'

Message from Yulwei to the rest of the group. Well, isn't that interesting.

---2021-07-10-----

Pav and Aurelio went hunting. Found some vultures flying around the site of a battle(?) with a bunch of sunwari corpses. We were able to down 3 birds.

Aulcus -> A city founded by one of the Divine Brothers (Canadius) (The master maker) . According to the stories Aulcus was destroyed by the Magi and the humans. The ruins still has a working bridge over the river (River Aos)

Found a man and a woman arguing in Northern and Gurkish(ish). After some deliberation the woman stomped off and the man turned out to be 'Lamb'. He was part of the caravan that the rest of the party was part of.
The pair split from the caravan after yerowton. They found another caravan with a wizard called 'Juvens' and a union captain called 'Captain Jezal dan Luthar'.

Made it to the city

Fought a water elemental/demon in the night (Pav's fault)

"King 'Cabrian', Champion of the people" in Cathraic on sockets around town

Wrote into my notebook:
"After activating the staff we were able to witness a procession of sorts. We, effectively, followed this procession ultimately ended in a huge placa. The center of this procession, what seems like an old man, 
was yelling about being able to contain/hold >something<. I'd reckon some form of magical force or power. And then poof. Yelling, wailing and screaming fills the air. All the peasens and citizen (or whatever they were),
start screaming in agony. This seems to have affected one of my companions, Melli. The poor girl was in agony for a moment or two. And then it stopped. No more spirits/shades/visions, just silence. This eerie, ghostly silence.
This was quiet the experience.
It does give me wonder. What does this staff do? Some form of >True sight< maybe. Are these souls doomed to repeat there demise, over and over again, and we just happened upon it? Who is this 'Cabrian' character?
The champion of the people... Was he the old man that ultimatly doomed his people, or at the very least failed to safe them? This journey, so far, as much as it has given me answeres (i.e. the existens of the old world in the new world so to speak).
While obviously my mission takes precendence, I have not forgotten what academic curiosity feels like..."

We happen upon a graveyard alongside the road.

A woman with a gurkish accent, dark skin and black hair, clothed in a coat, and what looks like, bandages wraped around her chest confronted us. She was able to keep up with the carriage at full speed, even overtaking it at a point. She, it appears, 
raised the dead from their graves, which promptly tried to get on out wagon and kill us. We were able to out run the zombies but she head us off on the bridge, where she summoned weired slime creatures with several mouths. 
We were able to dispatch the creatures but not without the horses getting quiet the scare (and a bit of a bite). Throughout the whole ordeal she said very little. Whatever she said tho makes me feel like we were her specific targets,
not just unfortunatly enough to cross her path. She escaped.

---2021-07-23-----

In the morning, Pav and Samuel went out hunting. Not only braought they home a deer, but also a person (who happens to also bring a fawn). How odd. A bloke called Jonathan, seemingly of Union descent. He claims to live in Nueva.

This Jonathan character is awefully inquisitive.

Information about Nueva:
There are currently 2 parties viying for control in nueva, based on mining claims. One party is under a woman that goes by the name of 'the Justice' and the other is called 'the Padre'. As of right now the town seems to be split
in half. 

Turns out that Jonathan was a mage... who used some form of illusion magic to disguise himself. A man called sulfur. Apparently the group had a run-in with him before.

After we finally defeated him, it became clear that he is not >dead< dead.

Rummaging through his stuff developed a note, basically saying that he was set on us, by someone. The note was signed by a catraic letter.

The woman (Ishri) from Aulcas has approached us right after the fight. She assures us that the run-in we had with her in Aulcas was but a misunderstanding. She's after Juvens. She's also a 'eater' (Vashi in gurkish)
She is in the employ of the 'eternal Prophet' Khalul.

After most of the party aked for a favor from Ishri, she has given me a ring with which I can contact her. (Ring of sending keyed to Ishri). With this I should be able to contact her once a day.

She then proceeded to raise our horses from their forever sleep.

continued --> https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HcmSDzp4ObfS-8FshCmLtHM2ZWQwoSyzibU8ShVlut4/edit
