>>> 20.05.2023

Primal waters 
- waters surrounding the Temple of Abzu 
- said to be the first water 
- given to the world by Abzu herself 
- it's of solid blue colour

Glyphs
>>Come ye of pure heart, ye of blackened soul
>>Ye broken and bereaved
>>Ye burdened by grief and sin
>>The mother welcomes all who yet strive

Bless and Aid for 3 days (beginning 26th of Bloom 776TA)

Storyteller
Warning: "Watch those closest to you, tonight."
Then he became very philosophical.
He also called me "Seeker".

Next morning the group decided to go together to the sparring session
that Hati wanted with Arajah

Outside we noticed a large gathering of people.
The gathering was surrounding the corpse of a young Tiefling woman
floating in the water. Arrajah took her out of the water and Hati and
Kaen did a preliminery investigation on the corpse. Nadarr told us that
this was indeed the woman he talked to when he was praying eralier.

She really did have a close resemblance to me...

>>> 03.06.2023

The En is willing to work with us. He does however want to initiate
Nadarr beforehand, to ensure things stay on the up and up and on the
down-low.

Nadarr was willing to accept that.

The En told us that Arrajah is to be trusted and we should see her
as our liaison.

> Nadarr oath / induction thingy

Aliye was not the first to come from the outside and die in recent times.

Arrajah would tell us about about what Aliye was, or what here role was.
A Lisaan. Basically people who are better attuned to other planes can become
Lisaan. Lisaans are used to communicate with the Goddess through the Lisaan.

Outside of the obvious brusing by the impact, we find 4 marks on the back of
Aliye's neck. These appear to glow in the etereal plane.
We found even more evidence of Aliye being poisoned. Besides the incision,
discolouration of the gums was presence. Kaen lets us know that this looks
like "Strangle", a poison from a jellyfish that upon contact paralyzes that
bodypart. If ingested orally, it will affect the heart, lungs etc. and lead
to death by asphyxiation.

Plan to approach one of the other candidates after they come out of the player hall. 
A 30-something Brass Dragonborne and a early 20s Human. We decide to go for the 
human, Anishu Al'Kazeem. Idea: Arajah approaches them and takes his assigned guardian
to the side, giving us a chance to approach him.

So with the plan hatched we set out towards the player hall.

We still had to wait for a bit but after a couple minutes the doors to the
prayer halls open and out come, et al., Anishu and his guardian.

With that Araja sets off. She pulls the guardian aside, giving me a slight gesture.
I take the cue and approach the young man, as casually as possible. As I get closer
he greets me. We make some pleasent conversation and he invited me to go to the baths
together. I accept. Clearly there's interest there, wether that's because I
remind him of Aliyeh or if he's genuinly interested in me remains to be seen.
Maybe a little bit of both.

An hour later we meet up. The whole way to the bath he's blathering on about
his polititcal and career ambitions and plans. Once in the bath the topic switched
to Sorath and then quickly over to the goings on in the upper part of the temple, 
including a invitation to the next (and hopefully the last) feast.
He'd bring up how lovely the sight is from up there, especially at night, looking down
upon the temple grounds and its lights. Sorath would reply to this, suggesting how
much lovelier that sight would be with someone beutiful to enjoy it together with.
This prompted a quick and trastic change in attitude. He'd make a bunch of excuses
like "don't worry it's not you it's just something I ate" etc. etc., and leave in a
hurry. However, he insisted I'd hear from him, re: feast.
Kaen would inform me that he was actually in tears. 

> Party reunites
> Haruk talk

> Arajah coming to us with vial, containing traces of Strangle, found in clothing article belonging to Rask Gharadul
> Rask found dead
> Anishu saged from Crustations
> Confrontation with Maqaira
> Arajah busting us out of house arrest

> END

>>> 17.06.2023



>>> 08.07.2023

We've been thoroughly interrogated. Apparently, Nadarr mentioned the Gods Moot.

In the morning, Anishu paid us a visit. Now aged about 20-30 years, at least on the outside.
The most striking change is his eyes, where before they were a deep, vibrant brown, now a piercing blue.

Anishu said that a rumor about the coming Moot was going around and he asked us not to go into further detail to anyone.

Box with letters from the En to the High Priest of Marduck in Uquir.
The En seems to trust him.

After some deliberation and a little test, involving a knife, and another test, involving water, we determined that Anishu
is now either Unbound or even more.
He also told us to not tell anyone this specifically.

Scried on Krushana and Asher. No dice on Krushana but Asher seems quiet all right. She seems to be treated as an actual guest.

-> Caravan incident

-> Getting to meet and know (a little) Kaens Granddaughter (who seems rather pleasent company)








